docs: new design for identity security docs homepage (#58939)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/identity-security/identity-security.mdx

title: Teleport Identity Security
description: An overview of Teleport Identity Security.
videoBanner: Vg5R6vpZffg
template: landing-page
tags:
 - identity-security
 - access-risks
---

> import LandingHero, { LandingHeroProps } from '@site/src/components/Pages/Landing/LandingHero';

Author: These have been removed

videoBanner: Vg5R6vpZffg
template: landing-page
tags:
 - identity-security
---

import LandingHero, { LandingHeroProps } from '@site/src/components/Pages/Landing/LandingHero';
import IdentitySecurityImg from '@site/static/identity-security-hero.png';
import bookOpenSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/book-open.svg";
import identificationBadgeSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/identification-badge.svg";
import listBulletsSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/list-bullets.svg";
import verifySvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/verify.svg";
import UseCasesList, { UseCasesListProps } from "@site/src/components/Pages/Landing/UseCasesList";
import Integrations, { IntegrationsProps } from "@site/src/components/Pages/Homepage/Integrations";
import githubSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/svg/github.svg";
import awsSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/aws.svg";
import oktaSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/okta.svg";
import teleportSvg from "@site/src/components/Icon/teleport-svg/teleport.svg";
import TextWithMedia, { TextWithMediaProps } from "@site/src/components/Pages/Landing/TextWithMedia";

> import video from "@site/src/components/Pages/Landing/TextWithMedia/identity-security.mp4";

Reviewer: Can we switch out this video for this product one? 

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/221f971d-6b03-4fcf-97da-0536b77bad2b

Author: This has been updated

<LandingHero
  title="Teleport Identity Security"
  image={IdentitySecurityImg}
  links={[
    {
      title: "Quick Start Guide",

>       description: "Set up Identity Security and view your first access graph in 15 minutes",

Author: should be updated here.

>       href: "./access-graph/identity-activity-center/",

Reviewer 2: The link provided is incorrect. The correct link should be:
https://travis-rodgers-identity-security-product-page.d1v2yqnl3ruxch.amplifyapp.com/identity-security/access-graph/

There is an important distinction between the Identity Activity Center and the Access Graph:

Identity Activity Center is an extension of the Identity Security product. It aggregates logs from Okta, AWS, Teleport, and GitHub, and presents them in a centralized, correlated view - it doesn't display the graph and it's an opt-in feature.

Access Graph is independent of the Identity Activity Center. You don’t need to enable Identity Activity Center in order to use the Access Graph.

Additionally, this first section should be made specifically for self-hosted customers, since for cloud customers the Access Graph is already set up by default. Could we find a way to make that clearer?

Author: Note that I don't really like adding a parentheses or even making the description this long on these tiles, so I am wide open to a suggestion of a better way to state the fact that this only needs to be self-hosted on self-hosted clusters.

      icon: bookOpenSvg,
    },
    {
      title: "Key Concepts",
      description: "Understand Access Graph visualization, Crown Jewels, and access relationships",
      href: "./how-to-use/",
      icon: listBulletsSvg,
    },
    {
      title: "Installation Guide",

>       description: "Deploy Identity Security using Teleport Cloud or self-hosted options",

Author: @roraback do you mind taking a look at Paul's comments here given that you and Rishi were involved in the design and I'm not sure how strict/flexible the design is in regards to changes. Also the sentence case feedback as that would need to be updated across all four product homepages. Thank you!

      href: "./access-graph/identity-activity-center/",
      icon: identificationBadgeSvg,
    },
    {
      title: "Using Identity Security",
      description: "Explore the interface, spot risks, monitor key resources, and track access updates.",

>       href: "./how-to-use/",

Reviewer 2: should we repeat all pages here or should we write different pages?

      icon: verifySvg,
    },
  ]}
>

>   Teleport Identity Security centralizes access policy management across your infrastructure. It strengthens access controls and provides a clear visual map of all users, groups, roles, and resources. It helps you quickly answer:
>   - What resources can a specific user access?
>   - Which users can access a specific resource?
>   - How are users, roles, and resources connected?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport Identity Security centralizes access policy across your infrastructure, consolidates disparate identity audit logs, discovers shadow access and alerts on access anomalies. 

 It helps you quickly answer:
  - What resources can a specific user access?
  - What actions do users perform when connecting to systems?
  - How are users, roles, and resources connected?
```

Reviewer: The current tag line is a bit dated / pre-Teleport Identity Activity Center

>   - How are users, roles, and resources connected?

Reviewer 2: Should we also add the shadow access example here SSH public keys laying on nodes and potentially be used to bypass teleport and any session recording mechanisms

eg: 
  - Can users gain access to resources outside of defined RBAC policies?
  - Can users interact with resources in ways that bypass audit logging?

Author: Added these two to the bullet points

</LandingHero>

<UseCasesList
  title="Use Cases"
  useCases={[
    {

>       title: "Expose Hidden Access Risks",

Author: These use cases are the same as the ones on the Docs Homepage product section. Definitely could update, but would need to do there also if so.

>       title: "Expose Hidden Access Risks",

Author: These have been updated.

>       description: "Scan for SSH keys, repo access, and more",

Reviewer 2: What's repo access here?

      href: "./integrations/ssh-keys-scan/",
    },  
    {
      title: "Identify Over-Privileged Users",
      description: "Identify users with excessive standing privileges",
      href: "./how-to-use/#dashboard-standing-privileges",
    },
    {
      title: "Monitor Changes to Critical Resources",
      description: "Monitor, alert on, and visualize access changes",
      href: "./crown-jewels/",
    },  
    {
      title: "Alert on Anomalous Activity",

>       description: "AI alerting on risky behaviors in your infrastructure",

Reviewer 3: Would "access patterns" make more sense than "behaviors" here? "Risky behaviors" maybe brings to mind a different context than we want.

Author: I think, yes, it makes more sense. Will update.

      href: "../identity-governance/access-monitoring/",
    },
    {
      title: "Unify Logs from Key Systems",
      description: "Unify logs from Okta, AWS, GitHub, and more",
      href: './integrations/',
    },  
    {
      title: "Query Roles, Groups, & Permissions",
      description: "Create custom-tailored queries w/the SQL Editor",
      href: "./how-to-use/#sql-editor",
    },
  ]}
/>

<TextWithMedia
  title="Visualize access relationships"
  videoSrc={video}
>

>   Use Access Graph to explore real-time identity-to-resource paths, quickly spotting where access is allowed or denied. Run custom SQL queries using [SQL Editor](./how-to-use.mdx#sql-editor) to analyze

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to say Graph Explorer instead of Access Graph? The phrase Access Graph isn't mentioned in the Web UI.

Author: I think this one should be Graph Explorer as it is the UI Tool. Not sure about the example below. @benarent do you a preference here for these two spots?

Author: Updated

  [connections](./policy-connections.mdx) (identities, user group & actions)

  **[View Standing Privileges](./how-to-use.mdx#dashboard-standing-privileges)**  
  **[Set up Crown Jewels](./crown-jewels.mdx)**  
  **[Manage Audit Events](./integrations/teleport.mdx)**

> </TextWithMedia>

Author: This PR change has been merged

<Integrations

>   title="Integration"

Author: Talked with Kenny and agreed that it should be Key or Common or Popular, or a title like that. However, Integrations is being used elsewhere so may want to revisit after this PR to have these consistent.

  integrations={[
    {
      title: 'GitHub',
      description: 'Connect GitHub and stream audit logs, map permissions, and track user behavior to stay ahead of access issues.',
      href: './integrations/github/',
      iconColor: '#0000001A',
      iconComponent: githubSvg,
    },
    {
      title: 'Okta',
      description: 'Integrate your Okta account to visualize your access policies, user roles, and group memberships.',
      href: '../identity-governance/okta/',
      iconColor: '#0000001A',
      iconComponent: oktaSvg,
    },
    {
      title: 'AWS',

>       description: 'Leverage the power of Access Graph by connecting AWS account to visualize IAM roles, policies, and access relationships.',

Reviewer 3: Same question as above re: Access Graph.

Author: I will actually leave this as Access Graph since the page it points to only uses that terminology.

Reviewer 4: IIRC @mmcallister was actively working on using _Graph Explorer_ instead of Access Graph recently: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/issues/50411

Reviewer 5: Awhile back, when I chatted with Ben about this, it was noted that the graph service should continue to be referred to as Access Graph. Only the UI feature that visualizes this data should be called Graph Explorer, e.g.

https://goteleport.com/docs/identity-security/policy-how-to-use/#how-to-use-teleport-policy-feature

https://goteleport.com/docs/identity-security/access-graph/self-hosted/#step-33-view-access-graph-data-in-the-graph-explorer

(not sure if anything has changed since)

      href: './integrations/aws-sync/',
      iconColor: '#E87B0C1A',
      iconComponent: awsSvg,
    },
    {
      title: 'Teleport',
      description: 'Connect Teleport audit logs to trace the full identity chain from authentication through resource access, enabling ...',
      href: './integrations/teleport/',
      iconColor: '#512FC91A',
      iconComponent: teleportSvg,
    },
  ]}
  mainLink={
    {

>       title: "View all Integrations",

Reviewer 2: It took me a while to find the button to view additional integrations.
Is there a clearer way to indicate that more integrations exist beyond the four mentioned?

For example, should we add another panel showcasing a set of other integration logos instead of relying on the button?

  - What resources can a specific user access?
  - What actions do users perform when connecting to systems?
  - How are users, roles, and resources connected?
  - Can users gain access to resources outside of defined RBAC policies?
  - Can users interact with resources in ways that bypass audit logging?

</LandingHero>

<UseCasesList
  title="Use cases"
  useCases={[
    {
      title: "Expose hidden access risks",
      description: "Scan for insecure SSH keys and access paths",
      href: "./integrations/ssh-keys-scan/",
    },  
    {
      title: "Identify over-privileged users",
      description: "Identify users with excessive standing privileges",
      href: "./how-to-use/#dashboard-standing-privileges",
    },
    {
      title: "Monitor changes to critical resources",
      description: "Monitor, alert on, and visualize access changes",
      href: "./crown-jewels/",
    },  
    {
      title: "Alert on anomalous activity",
      description: "AI alerting on risky access patterns in your infrastructure",

>       href: "../identity-governance/access-monitoring/",

Reviewer: Can we link to https://goteleport.com/docs/identity-security/usage/investigate/ for now.. I'll do a quick follow up on a 'Alerts' page for this

>       href: "../identity-governance/access-monitoring/",

Author: @tigrato Ben has an [Alert page](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/59714) being reviewed now, I've updated this to the link Ben suggested and will follow up with the new link once that PR gets merged and backported.

>       href: "../identity-governance/access-monitoring/",

Author: Actually, the Alert page is out and backported to v18. This link has been updated to the new Alert page.
